 contains ".value" child 
 instead of isNavigateRequest
      // because everything what supports navigationPreload supports
      // 
 instead of isNavigateRequest
    // because everything what supports navigationPreload supports
    // 
" are invalid. This usually indicates your app was not initialized correctly. 
" can cause unexpected behavior.
" to not be empty
" to not repeat, but received `
", but no valid label mapping found in args: 
", in format string, "
,
    
    // 元素相关
    
,
    
    // 元素类型
    
,
    
    // 其他
    
,
    
    // 分类
    
,
    
    // 列表
    
,
    
    // 发现
    
,
    
    // 合成
    
,
    
    // 合成数量
    
,
    
    // 工作区
    
,
    
    // 帮助文本
    
,
    
    // 常见短语
    
,
    
    // 库/图鉴
    
,
    
    // 排序
    
,
    
    // 提示
    
,
    
    // 提示/技巧
    
,
    
    // 提示信息
    
,
    
    // 搜索
    
,
    
    // 操作
    
,
    
    // 新闻
    
,
    
    // 标题
    
,
    
    // 游戏状态
    
,
    
    // 百科相关
    
,
    
    // 统计
    
,
    
    // 设置
    
,
    
    // 详情
    
,
    
    // 账号
    
A MORE portable portable computer
A MORE portable portable computer.
A baked food made from flour, water, and yeast, that is sometimes broken in the pursuit of fellowship
A baked food made from flour, water, and yeast, that is sometimes broken in the pursuit of fellowship.
A ball of packed snow that serves as the most popular winter weapon
A ball of packed snow that serves as the most popular winter weapon.
A ball of perpetually exploding gas in space
A ball of perpetually exploding gas in space.
A big rock, prone to chasing archaeologists
A big rock, prone to chasing archaeologists.
A bird that has superseded dogs with its ability to fly backwards
A bird that has superseded dogs with its ability to fly backwards.
A bird who is a very, very insistent knocker
A bird who is a very, very insistent knocker.
A bird with a built-in stageshow
A bird with a built-in stageshow.
A bird with a call so annoying, it was adopted as an alarm for clocks
A bird with a call so annoying, it was adopted as an alarm for clocks.
A blade used to vanquish dirt and create homes for seeds
A blade used to vanquish dirt and create homes for seeds.
A board one stands on while descending snowy slopes at high speeds
A board one stands on while descending snowy slopes at high speeds.
A board with four wheels that can be ridden in casual, extreme, or EXXXTREME situations
A board with four wheels that can be ridden in casual, extreme, or EXXXTREME situations.
A boat that runs on water vapor, and is now mostly enjoyed by history aficionados
A boat that runs on water vapor, and is now mostly enjoyed by history aficionados.
A boat that travels at the mercy of the wind gods
A boat that travels at the mercy of the wind gods.
A body of water so theoretically amazing that it can actually give birth
A body of water so theoretically amazing that it can actually give birth.
A bottle with a big mouth
A bottle with a big mouth.
A box with a belly
A box with a belly.
A brisk feeling, possibly leading to uncontrollable shaking
A brisk feeling, possibly leading to uncontrollable shaking.
A brittle, transparent substance, and primary weapon in the war against ants
A brittle, transparent substance, and primary weapon in the war against ants.
A building for people to live in, with an option for pets and/or ghosts
A building for people to live in, with an option for pets and/or ghosts.
A cage to confine birds and tempt cats
A cage to confine birds and tempt cats.
A cereal grain, and bedrock of baked goods
A cereal grain, and bedrock of baked goods.
A chill sea mammal that is a friend to all except boats
A chill sea mammal that is a friend to all except boats.
A cleaning substance with sometimes intense smells, sometimes intense colors, and sometimes intense CLEANING POWER
A cleaning substance with sometimes intense smells, sometimes intense colors, and sometimes intense CLEANING POWER.
A clock that can be timed to make a noise so irritating it will force someone out of bed
A clock that can be timed to make a noise so irritating it will force someone out of bed.
A collection of stars held together by gravity
A collection of stars held together by gravity.
A collection of wild animals for public display and funny internet videos
A collection of wild animals for public display and funny internet videos.
A colorless, odorless gas that may end up causing a few mass extinctions
A colorless, odorless gas that may end up causing a few mass extinctions.
A common tool for carrying stolen money or Christmas presents
A common tool for carrying stolen money or Christmas presents.
A container for liquids, and favored weapon of bar patrons
A container for liquids, and favored weapon of bar patrons.
A container of chemical energy that can be converted into electricity, sometimes heralded by a drumming bunny
A container of chemical energy that can be converted into electricity, sometimes heralded by a drumming bunny.
A craft that allows one to travel over water while still being at its mercy
A craft that allows one to travel over water while still being at its mercy.
A crystalline substance commonly used in food consumption, preservation, and competitive wrestling rituals
A crystalline substance commonly used in food consumption, preservation, and competitive wrestling rituals.
A culturally acceptable way of eating raw fish
A culturally acceptable way of eating raw fish.
A cup that should be recycled after being used unless the drinker enjoys destroying the world
A cup that should be recycled after being used unless the drinker enjoys destroying the world.
A curved band of colors caused by refraction, rain, and the occasional pot of gold
A curved band of colors caused by refraction, rain, and the occasional pot of gold.
A dead body that has been wrapped in bandages, but may be filled with terrifying unnatural life at a later date
A dead body that has been wrapped in bandages, but may be filled with terrifying unnatural life at a later date.
A deadly tool against grass that is often wielded by death itself
A deadly tool against grass that is often wielded by death itself.
A delicious natural laxative found within coconuts
A delicious natural laxative found within coconuts.
A deliciously-filled pastry that is the bane of all clowns
A deliciously-filled pastry that is the bane of all clowns.
A delightfully small and flattened cake
A delightfully small and flattened cake.
A device that allows humans to breathe underwater without actually breathing water
A device that allows humans to breathe underwater without actually breathing water.
A device that preys on the ignorance of fish in order to capture them
A device that preys on the ignorance of fish in order to capture them.
A device used to achieve a goal, like a hammer to pound a nail or a Skynet to eliminate humanity
A device used to achieve a goal, like a hammer to pound a nail or a Skynet to eliminate humanity.
A dog that loves to mush
A dog that loves to mush.
A domesticated mammal that longs to be your best friend
A domesticated mammal that longs to be your best friend.
A famous British sword that nobody can agree on whether it came from a stone or a lake
A famous British sword that nobody can agree on whether it came from a stone or a lake.
A feeling of coldness, and common cause of goosebumps
A feeling of coldness, and common cause of goosebumps.
A feeling of comfortable heat up to, but not including, sweating
A feeling of comfortable heat up to, but not including, sweating.
A female ox that is used for its milk, beef, and likeability as a mascot
A female ox that is used for its milk, beef, and likeability as a mascot.
A fiery pimple of the Earth
A fiery pimple of the Earth.
A fine debris of stones that gets everywhere
A fine debris of stones that gets everywhere.
A fish that is solely composed of arms and feet
A fish that is solely composed of arms and feet.
A flat-sided container that is perfect for stacking, packing, and trapping
A flat-sided container that is perfect for stacking, packing, and trapping.
A flowery bush with a thorn in its side
A flowery bush with a thorn in its side.
A formidable structure made out of wet sand
A formidable structure made out of wet sand.
A four-wheeled vehicle that is powered by an engine, and is used for cruising on land in various capacities
A four-wheeled vehicle that is powered by an engine, and is used for cruising on land in various capacities.
A frozen food made from dairy products that can be combined with a comically-large range of ingredients
A frozen food made from dairy products that can be combined with a comically-large range of ingredients.
A game of arbitrarily combining nouns to create something magical: a whole new noun
A game of arbitrarily combining nouns to create something magical: a whole new noun.
A giant rotary propeller that uses wind to generate electricity and inconvenience birds
A giant rotary propeller that uses wind to generate electricity and inconvenience birds.
A group that is united by blood, marriage, and/or a love of high-speed cars
A group that is united by blood, marriage, and/or a love of high-speed cars.
A hollow space underground that can serve as a home for bats and batmen
A hollow space underground that can serve as a home for bats and batmen.
A hollow, metal mouth that emits a musical note when struck by its tongue
A hollow, metal mouth that emits a musical note when struck by its tongue.
A hornless unicorn, commonly used for transportation and racing
A hornless unicorn, commonly used for transportation and racing.
A horrible board game inspired by real-life capture devices
A horrible board game inspired by real-life capture devices.
A human figure made out of clay, and given unnatural life
A human figure made out of clay, and given unnatural life.
A human-approved dwelling for birds
A human-approved dwelling for birds.
A knitted long-sleeved shirt that has an above average chance of looking terrible
A knitted long-sleeved shirt that has an above average chance of looking terrible.
A large amount of water that has temporarily outgrown its home
A large amount of water that has temporarily outgrown its home.
A large sock that Santa makes some of his Christmas deposits in
A large sock that Santa makes some of his Christmas deposits in.
A large winged vehicle that relies on thrust to fly
A large winged vehicle that relies on thrust to fly.
A large, continuous mass of land separated by an expanse of water, country borders, or other arbitrary distinctions
A large, continuous mass of land separated by an expanse of water, country borders, or other arbitrary distinctions.
A light-strewn tree used as part of an arcane ritual to summon the immortal creature known as Santa
A light-strewn tree used as part of an arcane ritual to summon the immortal creature known as Santa.
A lion with a face transplant
A lion with a face transplant.
A lobotomized pumpkin that is lit from the inside
A lobotomized pumpkin that is lit from the inside.
A loft apartment for birds
A loft apartment for birds.
A machine that can print anything onto paper as long as it has enough ink
A machine that can print anything onto paper as long as it has enough ink.
A machine that replicates mother birds chewing up food and regurgitating liquids
A machine that replicates mother birds chewing up food and regurgitating liquids.
A majestic horse with a single horn in the middle of its forehead
A majestic horse with a single horn in the middle of its forehead.
A master of snow traversal using only narrow strips of material attached to their feet
A master of snow traversal using only narrow strips of material attached to their feet.
A mechanical stomach that eats fuel
A mechanical stomach that eats fuel.
A medium of exchange, and potential bringer of happiness or ruin
A medium of exchange, and potential bringer of happiness or ruin.
A meshy trap you can see through
A meshy trap you can see through.
A metal link, often used to connect commands
A metal link, often used to connect commands.
A motley crew of islands
A motley crew of islands.
A mythical giant reptile that flies, breathes fire, and is voiced by a British actor
A mythical giant reptile that flies, breathes fire, and is voiced by a British actor.
A periodical publication printed with timely articles and funnies
A periodical publication printed with timely articles and funnies.
A person who cuts up meat for fun or profit
A person who cuts up meat for fun or profit.
A person who is idealized or admired for courageous actions like saving a drowning child or refilling the communal coffee pot
A person who is idealized or admired for courageous actions like saving a drowning child or refilling the communal coffee pot.
A person who makes organically-sourced things like vases, plates, bowls, and sometimes magic
A person who makes organically-sourced things like vases, plates, bowls, and sometimes magic.
A person who takes food and makes it better or worse
A person who takes food and makes it better or worse.
A persuasion device to rope in horses and cattle
A persuasion device to rope in horses and cattle.
A place you trust enough to let strangers cook for you
A place you trust enough to let strangers cook for you.
A plane that can take off and land on water without crashing
A plane that can take off and land on water without crashing.
A plant with a passion for climbing using its five point technique
A plant with a passion for climbing using its five point technique.
A plant-based weapon in romantic courtship
A plant-based weapon in romantic courtship.
A portable light and scary face-maker
A portable light and scary face-maker.
A potentially fully armed and operational manned structure in outer space
A potentially fully armed and operational manned structure in outer space.
A powder that explodes when excited
A powder that explodes when excited.
A protector of gardens who also happens to be an insurance salesman
A protector of gardens who also happens to be an insurance salesman.
A quality of either increased temperature, feeling, social standing, or police presence
A quality of either increased temperature, feeling, social standing, or police presence.
A rapid descent of mountain accumulation
A rapid descent of mountain accumulation.
A really big star burp
A really big star burp.
A reflective surface from which anyone but vampires can see themselves
A reflective surface from which anyone but vampires can see themselves.
A rider of one, two, or three-wheeled contraptions, but NEVER FOUR
A rider of one, two, or three-wheeled contraptions, but NEVER FOUR.
A ridge of sand formed by wind and sandworms
A ridge of sand formed by wind and sandworms.
A robotic floor cleaner and spy for the impending robot uprising
A robotic floor cleaner and spy for the impending robot uprising.
A romanticized warrior of old who served a master, practiced bushido, and inspired a staggering amount of manga
A romanticized warrior of old who served a master, practiced bushido, and inspired a staggering amount of manga.
A scientist with their head in the interstellar clouds
A scientist with their head in the interstellar clouds.
A secure space for storage where the more valuable its contents are, the higher the chance it will get broken into by a team of colorful characters
A secure space for storage where the more valuable its contents are, the higher the chance it will get broken into by a team of colorful characters.
A series of bars, lines, and dots on a piece of paper that correspond to sounds
A series of bars, lines, and dots on a piece of paper that correspond to sounds.
A series of events or incidents told via campfire, book, cave drawing, or laborious voice over
A series of events or incidents told via campfire, book, cave drawing, or laborious voice over.
A shared hallucination by the visitors to Loch Ness
A shared hallucination by the visitors to Loch Ness.
A shelter for dogs to sit in or lay on top of
A shelter for dogs to sit in or lay on top of.
A single-sided, curved sword used by warriors of the past and future
A single-sided, curved sword used by warriors of the past and future.
A size of lesser means
A size of lesser means.
A sled-like vehicle, but totally not a sled, built to slide over snow and ice by the pulling of various animals
A sled-like vehicle, but totally not a sled, built to slide over snow and ice by the pulling of various animals.
A sledge powered by an engine instead of dogs and hope
A sledge powered by an engine instead of dogs and hope.
A small area used for growing flowers, fruits, vegetables, or rocks
A small area used for growing flowers, fruits, vegetables, or rocks.
A small blade with a handle that can help you or end you
A small blade with a handle that can help you or end you.
A small body of land surrounded by water, frequently the location of escapist daydreams
A small body of land surrounded by water, frequently the location of escapist daydreams.
A small bowl that one smokes from by way of a connected tube
A small bowl that one smokes from by way of a connected tube.
A small circular band of material used for decoration, and may be set with gemstones or the black speech of the dark lord
A small circular band of material used for decoration, and may be set with gemstones or the black speech of the dark lord.
A small community in a rural area
A small community in a rural area.
A small fish whose head barely resembles a horse
A small fish whose head barely resembles a horse.
A small mammal that is kept as a pet and believes it owns everything
A small mammal that is kept as a pet and believes it owns everything.
A small mammal that loves carrots, holes in the ground, and comedic patter
A small mammal that loves carrots, holes in the ground, and comedic patter.
A small mound of fried dough that grows more exotic in its variations every year
A small mound of fried dough that grows more exotic in its variations every year.
A small object cruising through space
A small object cruising through space.
A small rock after being roughed up by sand or water
A small rock after being roughed up by sand or water.
A small rodent that has inspired and annoyed millions
A small rodent that has inspired and annoyed millions.
A small room used for storing things and hiding monsters
A small room used for storing things and hiding monsters.
A spiny mammal that can roll into a ball for defense, and which the populace loves to see go fast
A spiny mammal that can roll into a ball for defense, and which the populace loves to see go fast.
A story handed down over time that is believed to be true, but cannot be verified, like the Batman
A story handed down over time that is believed to be true, but cannot be verified, like the Batman.
A straight edge and measuring instrument for arcane units of length
A straight edge and measuring instrument for arcane units of length.
A stretch of grass that is kept short and neat like a fine mustache
A stretch of grass that is kept short and neat like a fine mustache.
A striped, minty candy shaped like a cane that heralds the arrival of Christmas
A striped, minty candy shaped like a cane that heralds the arrival of Christmas.
A strong box or room requiring a key, impressive hearing skills, or explosives to open
A strong box or room requiring a key, impressive hearing skills, or explosives to open.
A structure containing a light bright enough for ships at sea to interpret
A structure containing a light bright enough for ships at sea to interpret.
A structure for confinement that taunts its prisoners by having dozens of small openings to look out from
A structure for confinement that taunts its prisoners by having dozens of small openings to look out from.
A structure that can be filled with water for swimming, or emptied for skateboarding
A structure that can be filled with water for swimming, or emptied for skateboarding.
A structure that provides passage over a problematic area, and may go nowhere
A structure that provides passage over a problematic area, and may go nowhere.
A substance that knows how to flow, but keeps its composure
A substance that knows how to flow, but keeps its composure.
A surface to cut things on, but which cannot be cut itself
A three-dimensional triangle you could die in
A three-dimensional triangle you could die in.
A totally sweet plant product
A totally sweet plant product.
A toy that lets you play tug of war with wind
A toy that lets you play tug of war with wind.
A toy that makes one reconsider what "childsafe" really means
A toy that makes one reconsider what "childsafe" really means.
A travel-sized container for blood
A travel-sized container for blood.
A traveling show with acrobats, animals, and clowns performing acts that are daring, dangerous, and possibly illegal
A traveling show with acrobats, animals, and clowns performing acts that are daring, dangerous, and possibly illegal.
A tropical bird with a massive bill who is an eater of fruits and sometimes loops
A tropical bird with a massive bill who is an eater of fruits and sometimes loops.
A type of carnivorous fish known for their flexible skeletons, occasional encounters with humans, and fondness for oxygen tanks
A type of carnivorous fish known for their flexible skeletons, occasional encounters with humans, and fondness for oxygen tanks.
A type of reptile that is prone to lounging
A type of reptile that is prone to lounging.
A vast expanse of salt water that is filled with unimaginable horrors
A vast expanse of salt water that is filled with unimaginable horrors.
A vertical structure used to keep things in. Or out
A vertical structure used to keep things in. Or out.
A very nosy and deceitful boy
A very nosy and deceitful boy.
A vessel manned by an ARRRRRdy group of individuals, and which docks in an ARRRRRRRbor
A vessel manned by an ARRRRRdy group of individuals, and which docks in an ARRRRRRRbor.
A volatile liquid used in chemistry and certain adult beverages
A volatile liquid used in chemistry and certain adult beverages.
A way to drown on land
A way to drown on land.
A weapon where a projectile is explosively propelled out of a metal tube
A weapon where a projectile is explosively propelled out of a metal tube.
A wearable device that helps with eyesight by compensating for bad genetic luck or staring at the TV too much
A wearable device that helps with eyesight by compensating for bad genetic luck or staring at the TV too much.
A wild pig, one that the common house pigs dream of becoming one day
A wild pig, one that the common house pigs dream of becoming one day.
A woman who has a beautiful singing voice and a fish tail instead of legs
A woman who has a beautiful singing voice and a fish tail instead of legs.
A work of art produced by applying liquid to a setting, and after drying, is admired or disliked by many
A work of art produced by applying liquid to a setting, and after drying, is admired or disliked by many.
Air that blows all over the place and defies all attempts at prediction
Air that blows all over the place and defies all attempts at prediction.
All-natural, homemade, inorganic substances produced humanely by the underground
All-natural, homemade, inorganic substances produced humanely by the underground.
An abrubtly tall land formation
An abrubtly tall land formation.
An adorable rodent whose primary means of transportation is a giant ball
An adorable rodent whose primary means of transportation is a giant ball.
An aircraft made of paper and imagination
An aircraft made of paper and imagination.
An animal that moves slow enough for moss to grow on it, along with several layers of sedimentary rock
An animal that moves slow enough for moss to grow on it, along with several layers of sedimentary rock.
An apparatus performing a particular task using mechanical power, and which possibly has murderous intentions toward its creators
An apparatus performing a particular task using mechanical power, and which possibly has murderous intentions toward its creators.
An area where a dead body has been deposited publicly or secretly
An area where a dead body has been deposited publicly or secretly.
An armless and legless undulating nightmare of an animal
An armless and legless undulating nightmare of an animal.
An armorclad warrior who served under a designated ruler, an honorary title bestowed upon a man, and an outdated notion of chivalry
An armorclad warrior who served under a designated ruler, an honorary title bestowed upon a man, and an outdated notion of chivalry.
An attempt at making death easier to comprehend
An attempt at making death easier to comprehend.
An attempt at taming water
An attempt at taming water.
An electronic bouncer for your network
An electronic bouncer for your network.
An electronic device that can both aid and hinder work
An electronic device that can both aid and hinder work.
An elegant weapon for a more civilized age
An elegant weapon for a more civilized age.
An email facilitator made human
An email facilitator made human.
An enormous armored gun that moves around on treads
An enormous armored gun that moves around on treads.
An enormous moving ice blanket
An enormous moving ice blanket.
An escape hatch for smoke
An escape hatch for smoke.
An exceedingly skillful programmer and wearer of monochromatic hats
An exceedingly skillful programmer and wearer of monochromatic hats.
An exclamatory jet of water and steam that is exhaled by a hot spring
An exclamatory jet of water and steam that is exhaled by a hot spring.
An excuse to use and eat frosting
An excuse to use and eat frosting.
An extremely rare occurence, with exposure to it resulting in exaltations of awe and wonder
An extremely rare occurence, with exposure to it resulting in exaltations of awe and wonder.
An hourglass that lasts as long as an egg takes to boil
An hourglass that lasts as long as an egg takes to boil.
An illuminator, both physically and mentally
An illuminator, both physically and mentally.
An immobile reproduction of something
An immobile reproduction of something.
An informal, off the cuff greeting to Christian Bale, a celebrated actor
An informal, off the cuff greeting to Christian Bale, a celebrated actor.
An input device for computers that would resemble a rodent if you were drunk
An input device for computers that would resemble a rodent if you were drunk.
An institution for receiving medical care, and inspiration for countless TV shows
An institution for receiving medical care, and inspiration for countless TV shows.
An instrument for measuring temperature, and a useful tool for skipping school
An instrument for measuring temperature, and a useful tool for skipping school.
An instrument for measuring time and driving hooked pirates insane
An instrument for measuring time and driving hooked pirates insane.
An instrument to make cutting easier
An instrument to make cutting easier.
An open cylindrical container with a handle that can be used to carry materials, or worn as a hat
An open cylindrical container with a handle that can be used to carry materials, or worn as a hat.
An orange vegetable with green hair, and inspiration for the greatest comedian in history
An orange vegetable with green hair, and inspiration for the greatest comedian in history.
An orb used to predict the future, preceded by vigorous hand rubbing and temple pointing
An orb used to predict the future, preceded by vigorous hand rubbing and temple pointing.
An undead individual who feasts on the blood of others, and is very self-conscious about arriving uninvited
An undead individual who feasts on the blood of others, and is very self-conscious about arriving uninvited.
Any gill-breathing vertebrate that hangs out under the sea
Any gill-breathing vertebrate that hangs out under the sea.
Any innocuous solid mineral, and when preceded by "The," gains world-class acting and professional wrestling abilities
Any innocuous solid mineral, and when preceded by "The," gains world-class acting and professional wrestling abilities.
Apparently everything tastes like it
Apparently everything tastes like it.
Artificial apartment complex for ants
Artificial apartment complex for ants.
Balding bird that feasts on the dead
Balding bird that feasts on the dead.
Bear of the arctic, and popularly believed to love cola
Bear of the arctic, and popularly believed to love cola.
Beds made out of twigs, mud, and leaves that baby birds have to live in no matter how much they crow about it
Beds made out of twigs, mud, and leaves that baby birds have to live in no matter how much they crow about it.
Bee-made liquid that never expires and always tastes good with chicken nuggets
Bee-made liquid that never expires and always tastes good with chicken nuggets.
Being unwell, either through genetics or foreign contaminant
Being unwell, either through genetics or foreign contaminant.
Blanket forts for grown ups
Blanket forts for grown ups.
Bread that is burned on purpose
Bread that is burned on purpose.
Breaker of bones and other such valuables
Breaker of bones and other such valuables.
Breakfast food made from roasted grains, and a contested member of a balanced breakfast
Breakfast food made from roasted grains, and a contested member of a balanced breakfast.
Buildings that are falling apart at the seams
Buildings that are falling apart at the seams.
Bumbly insects armed with a single stinger and excellent dance instincts
Bumbly insects armed with a single stinger and excellent dance instincts.
Bushy-tailed rodents that live in trees and feast on nuts and stolen birdseed
Bushy-tailed rodents that live in trees and feast on nuts and stolen birdseed.
Cache section `additional` failed to load
Canned fire-killer and DIY space booster pack
Canned fire-killer and DIY space booster pack.
Chapped lips for Iron. Thanks Oxygen
Chapped lips for Iron. Thanks Oxygen!
Clean, delicious, snout-nosed animal known for their sheep-herding skills
Clean, delicious, snout-nosed animal known for their sheep-herding skills.
Coin deposit box in the hollowed-out artificial remains of a pig
Coin deposit box in the hollowed-out artificial remains of a pig.
Combine elements to discover new ones!
Common metaphor describing something that slips past defenses and destroys from within, like memes
Common metaphor describing something that slips past defenses and destroys from within, like memes.
Community housing made by ants, for ants
Community housing made by ants, for ants.
Connect the Dots: Star Edition
Connect the Dots: Star Edition.
Crewmember of a seafaring vessel, and singer of shanties
Crewmember of a seafaring vessel, and singer of shanties.
Crunchy or smooth peanut ooze, though the superior option is definitively smooth
Crunchy or smooth peanut ooze, though the superior option is definitively smooth.
Database emulator unexpectedly rejected fake "owner" credentials.
Desert trees that are VERY against hugging
Desert trees that are VERY against hugging.
Development center for crops, animals, and spies
Development center for crops, animals, and spies.
Dogs who never left the water
Dogs who never left the water.
Drably-winged insects in love with lights
Drably-winged insects in love with lights.
Drag elements from the library to the workspace
Dried grass that is used to feed livestock and hide needles
Dried grass that is used to feed livestock and hide needles.
Dried leaves that are enjoyed smoked, chewed, or sniffed
Dried leaves that are enjoyed smoked, chewed, or sniffed.
Edible housing for edible people
Edible housing for edible people.
Edible plants and the bane of children worldwide
Edible plants and the bane of children worldwide.
Energy brought to you by Steam
Energy brought to you by Steam!
Fancy deer of the north and herald of Santa Claus
Fancy deer of the north and herald of Santa Claus.
Farm animals with a purpose
Farm animals with a purpose.
Finally, a faster way to consume chocolate
Finally, a faster way to consume chocolate.
Finely shaved, pulped, and pressed tree meat
Finely shaved, pulped, and pressed tree meat.
Fire ambulance and vehicle of choice for Dalmations
Fire ambulance and vehicle of choice for Dalmations.
Fish that are saddled with a sword for a nose
Fish that are saddled with a sword for a nose.
Fish that dream of one day flying out of their watery prison, but will only ever be able to glide short distances
Fish that dream of one day flying out of their watery prison, but will only ever be able to glide short distances.
Fish that is filled with teeth and a taste for blood
Fish that is filled with teeth and a taste for blood.
Fisherman evolved to use tools and not their bare hands
Fisherman evolved to use tools and not their bare hands.
Flavored ice that has been frozen around most of a stick
Flavored ice that has been frozen around most of a stick.
Flying mammal and inspiration for vigilantes
Flying mammal and inspiration for vigilantes.
Fortified building and occasional home of royalty
Fortified building and occasional home of royalty.
Fruit loved by certain monkeys and fans of physical comedy
Fruit loved by certain monkeys and fans of physical comedy.
Fruity preserves with a good beat
Fruity preserves with a good beat.
Glasses used by those too cool for snowblindness
Glasses used by those too cool for snowblindness.
Good-smelling sweat that you wish came out of your body
Good-smelling sweat that you wish came out of your body.
Great ice cube of the sea
Great ice cube of the sea.
Guardian of the written word
Guardian of the written word.
Guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic
Guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic.
Half man, half bull, all gross
Half man, half bull, all gross.
Harder and stronger sibling of Iron, though a bit tempermental
Harder and stronger sibling of Iron, though a bit tempermental.
Hero in a half shell
Hero in a half shell.
Highly volatile and explosive moldable stick
Highly volatile and explosive moldable stick.
Hot Leaves - The Drink
Hot Leaves - The Drink.
Hot and oiled potato sticks
Hot and oiled potato sticks.
Hot sandwich with two different cow products in it
Hot sandwich with two different cow products in it.
Hot, boiled, doughy deliciousness from Italia
Hot, boiled, doughy deliciousness from Italia.
If you ever get stuck try using a hint!
Inexplicable King of the Animal Kingdom despite the lionesses doing all the work
Inexplicable King of the Animal Kingdom despite the lionesses doing all the work.
Insect member of a royalty-based society, and mortal enemy of magnifying glasses
Insect member of a royalty-based society, and mortal enemy of magnifying glasses.
Insect with a rorschach test for wings
Insect with a rorschach test for wings.
Instrument used to question trees
Instrument used to question trees.
It takes trees to tango
It takes trees to tango.
Keeper of bees, master of honey, and bearer of swelling
Keeper of bees, master of honey, and bearer of swelling.
Large bird that enjoys gliding, crushing the skulls of its prey, and inspiring Americans
Large bird that enjoys gliding, crushing the skulls of its prey, and inspiring Americans.
Large, orange fruit that is ceremoniously lobotomized every year and rabidly devoured in coffee drinks
Large, orange fruit that is ceremoniously lobotomized every year and rabidly devoured in coffee drinks.
Life after death, sometimes as a translucent body, and often on the receiving end of busts
Life after death, sometimes as a translucent body, and often on the receiving end of busts.
Liquefied rock not yet ready for primetime on the surface
Liquefied rock not yet ready for primetime on the surface.
Liquid hydrocarbons freshy squeezed from rocks
Liquid hydrocarbons freshy squeezed from rocks.
Little Alchemy 2 Official Cheats
Lizard of many colors and eyelines
Lizard of many colors and eyelines.
Magic practicioner with a fondness for broom-based transport
Magic practicioner with a fondness for broom-based transport.
Mail that can be sent without getting up
Mail that can be sent without getting up.
Major supplier of fruits, vegetables, and/or can-do attitudes
Major supplier of fruits, vegetables, and/or can-do attitudes.
Matter from a living organism, like leaves from a tree, or recently living organism, like rotten flesh on a zombie
Matter from a living organism, like leaves from a tree, or recently living organism, like rotten flesh on a zombie.
Meat from the back and sides of a pig that is salted, smoked, and lusted over
Meat from the back and sides of a pig that is salted, smoked, and lusted over.
Mechanical saw with spinning teeth of DEATH
Mechanical saw with spinning teeth of DEATH.
Microorganisms that are essential for life even though they sometimes help take it away
Microorganisms that are essential for life even though they sometimes help take it away.
Miniature city or scene doomed to suffer frequent gravity shifts and blizzards simultaneously
Miniature city or scene doomed to suffer frequent gravity shifts and blizzards simultaneously.
More like a flame spewer
More like a flame spewer.
Motorized vehicle resembling a beefed-up version of a bicycle or tricycle
Motorized vehicle resembling a beefed-up version of a bicycle or tricycle.
Multicellular organisms that perpetually hunger for other organic matter, and are commonly classified in cracker form
Multicellular organisms that perpetually hunger for other organic matter, and are commonly classified in cracker form.
Musical instrument that prefers to be hit with sticks or hands
Musical instrument that prefers to be hit with sticks or hands.
Natural candy of a certain type of palm tree
Natural candy of a certain type of palm tree.
Natural containers of water suspended in the air
Natural containers of water suspended in the air.
Not just eating outdoors, but eating outdoors with a purpose
Not just eating outdoors, but eating outdoors with a purpose.
Objects made out of clay, and hardened by heat and tenacity
Objects made out of clay, and hardened by heat and tenacity.
Objects prone to close encounters
Objects prone to close encounters.
Official plant of dark and dank places
Official plant of dark and dank places.
One who can sink in water on purpose
One who can sink in water on purpose.
One who thinks deeply about the nature of things
One who thinks deeply about the nature of things.
Our immediate planetary family in reach of the sun
Our immediate planetary family in reach of the sun.
Outdoor communal heat dispenser and cooker
Outdoor communal heat dispenser and cooker.
Overwriting FirebaseError base field "
Paper that has been purposefully folded to make art
Paper that has been purposefully folded to make art.
Pasta doused in hot cow sauce
Pasta doused in hot cow sauce.
Pasta that is made in thin solid strings, and is the beloved food of pastafarians everywhere
Pasta that is made in thin solid strings, and is the beloved food of pastafarians everywhere.
Person sworn to war against fires
Person sworn to war against fires.
Plucked instrument of the gods
Plucked instrument of the gods.
Protective eyewear in case of flying debris or harsh verbal burns
Protective eyewear in case of flying debris or harsh verbal burns.
Provided authentication credentials for the app named "
Provider of warmth, light, and destruction
Provider of warmth, light, and destruction.
Public land that is used for recreation and dog watching
Public land that is used for recreation and dog watching.
Rail-mounted vehicle used for the transportation of people, supplies, and dreams
Rail-mounted vehicle used for the transportation of people, supplies, and dreams.
Rain that has been corrupted by pollution
Rain that has been corrupted by pollution.
Rain that has frozen on its way to the ground
Rain that has frozen on its way to the ground.
Real life mine cart sequences
Real life mine cart sequences.
Recurring disturbances through a medium, such as the sound produced by a gong being hit or the ripples spread from a slapped belly
Recurring disturbances through a medium, such as the sound produced by a gong being hit or the ripples spread from a slapped belly.
Red liquid that keeps humans and vampires alive
Red liquid that keeps humans and vampires alive.
Rider of waves, chiller of attitudes
Rider of waves, chiller of attitudes.
Rock-encased minerals that enterprising individuals and/or shady conglomerates extract via mining
Rock-encased minerals that enterprising individuals and/or shady conglomerates extract via mining.
SAML provider IDs must be prefixed with "saml."
Sand that has been cemented together
Sand that has been cemented together.
Serpentine lady with a stoney stare
Serpentine lady with a stoney stare.
Short aquatic birds with webbed feet and surly dispositions
Short aquatic birds with webbed feet and surly dispositions.
Slim-as-a-jim sunbathed strips of meat
Slim-as-a-jim sunbathed strips of meat.
Slow, but steady shellborn reptiles
Slow, but steady shellborn reptiles.
Snow that has been crudely shaped to resemble a person and given sentimental value
Snow that has been crudely shaped to resemble a person and given sentimental value.
Socially-acceptable explosions that are often used for celebrations
Socially-acceptable explosions that are often used for celebrations.
Soft clothes for plant seeds that are then used to make clothes for humans
Soft clothes for plant seeds that are then used to make clothes for humans.
Solar panel for plants and wind surfing board for insects
Solar panel for plants and wind surfing board for insects.
Some guy who attacked a bunch of windmills, and a movie Terry Gilliam will never complete
Some guy who attacked a bunch of windmills, and a movie Terry Gilliam will never complete.
Some items can be mixed with another copy of itself!
Some say skydiving is only fun when the parachute is open
Some say skydiving is only fun when the parachute is open.
Someone who changes into a wolf during a full moon and is allergic to silver
Someone who changes into a wolf during a full moon and is allergic to silver.
Someone who does know whether those pants make your butt look big, and can actually do something about it
Someone who does know whether those pants make your butt look big, and can actually do something about it.
Someone who enjoys spending long periods of time underwater, especially while having access to a supply of air
Someone who enjoys spending long periods of time underwater, especially while having access to a supply of air.
Someone who literally has their head in the clouds all the time
Someone who literally has their head in the clouds all the time.
Someone who makes the impossible possible
Someone who makes the impossible possible.
Someone who practices medicine or time traveling
Someone who practices medicine or time traveling.
Something alive that should be dead
Something alive that should be dead.
Something that is given without payment
Something that is given without payment.
Source of wood, and eternal adversary of lumberjacks
Source of wood, and eternal adversary of lumberjacks.
Space hole that grows hungrier the more it eats, and whose tastes include everything in existence
Space hole that grows hungrier the more it eats, and whose tastes include everything in existence.
Sufficiently advanced technology and/or supernatural power that can be wielded and manipulated
Sufficiently advanced technology and/or supernatural power that can be wielded and manipulated.
Super Hyper Pressurized Carbon Turbo: Crystal Edition
Super Hyper Pressurized Carbon Turbo: Crystal Edition.
Surgical device for garments and cloth
Surgical device for garments and cloth.
Systemic wonder applied to the natural world
Systemic wonder applied to the natural world.
Temporary repository of mail, and almighty dodger of parking tickets
Temporary repository of mail, and almighty dodger of parking tickets.
That planet with the rings that also happens to be sixth from the sun
That planet with the rings that also happens to be sixth from the sun.
That which is not of this Earth
That which is not of this Earth.
The answer for when someone asks you, "Pickle me this?"
The best smelling place on Earth
The best smelling place on Earth.
The big man up north who holds humanity in constant judgment
The big man up north who holds humanity in constant judgment.
The boat that dared to be huge
The boat that dared to be huge.
The body of sand along a shore, where glistening volleyball games are played
The body of sand along a shore, where glistening volleyball games are played.
The boiled life juices of maple trees
The boiled life juices of maple trees.
The brick of the clothing and textile world
The brick of the clothing and textile world.
The center of our galactic party
The center of our galactic party.
The deadest of subterranean parties
The deadest of subterranean parties.
The delicious liquid obtained from fruit or vegetables
The delicious liquid obtained from fruit or vegetables.
The delicious result of a chicken arm dunked in a hot oil bath
The delicious result of a chicken arm dunked in a hot oil bath.
The double-edged sword of ingredients
The double-edged sword of ingredients.
The edible body parts of animals
The edible body parts of animals.
The end of the line for mail
The end of the line for mail.
The eternal fire shared with someone else
The eternal fire shared with someone else.
The exertion of force upon an object by something in contact with it, be it physical or figurative
The exertion of force upon an object by something in contact with it, be it physical or figurative.
The figurehead king of the dinosaurs
The figurehead king of the dinosaurs.
The forgotten continent at the end of the world
The forgotten continent at the end of the world.
The greatest of the dinner pies
The greatest of the dinner pies.
The highly prized coat shorn from robot sheep
The highly prized coat shorn from robot sheep.
The humped horse of the desert
The humped horse of the desert.
The incredible, spreadable, edible fat
The incredible, spreadable, edible fat.
The instrument of choice for a Professor of Ninjistics
The instrument of choice for a Professor of Ninjistics.
The instrument of grass barbers
The instrument of grass barbers.
The juices left from a decomposing body
The juices left from a decomposing body.
The land that makes up the third rock from the sun
The land that makes up the third rock from the sun.
The land that rain forgot
The land that rain forgot.
The largest planet in our solar system, fifth from the sun, and home of the all-powerful Great Red Spot
The largest planet in our solar system, fifth from the sun, and home of the all-powerful Great Red Spot.
The last bed most of us will ever sleep in
The last bed most of us will ever sleep in.
The layer of gases surrounding our planet that protects us from various invisible space horrors
The layer of gases surrounding our planet that protects us from various invisible space horrors.
The line where earth and sky meet
The line where earth and sky meet.
The lumberjack of the animal kingdom
The lumberjack of the animal kingdom.
The main producer of sacks with dollar signs on them
The main producer of sacks with dollar signs on them.
The moldable secretiono of honeybees and ears
The moldable secretiono of honeybees and ears.
The most commonly used tobacco consumption system
The most commonly used tobacco consumption system.
The most deadly yet cutest animal in Africa
The most deadly yet cutest animal in Africa.
The most popular tuber in the world
The most popular tuber in the world.
The musical instrument of choice for kids who never want to grow up
The musical instrument of choice for kids who never want to grow up.
The nauseating result of seeing things move one way, but feeling them move another
The nauseating result of seeing things move one way, but feeling them move another.
The next stage of humanity
The next stage of humanity.
The one with the wider, u-shaped snout
The one with the wider, u-shaped snout.
The only benefit to letting milk go bad
The only benefit to letting milk go bad.
The only place you can find a non-alcoholic screwdriver
The only place you can find a non-alcoholic screwdriver.
The only set of shoes with nails for laces
The only set of shoes with nails for laces.
The only thing stopping any of our bodies from toppling over into a disgusting meat pile
The only thing stopping any of our bodies from toppling over into a disgusting meat pile.
The only time in history when someone was glad to see mold
The only time in history when someone was glad to see mold.
The only way to travel on the Moon
The only way to travel on the Moon.
The organic scalp of the Earth where plants, not hair, grows
The organic scalp of the Earth where plants, not hair, grows.
The original dinosaur bird before they were all birds
The original dinosaur bird before they were all birds.
The part that cuts instead of stabs
The part that cuts instead of stabs!
The petrified remains of ancient organisms
The petrified remains of ancient organisms.
The puzzle fruit, consisting of a tough-to-crack shell around a tasty center
The puzzle fruit, consisting of a tough-to-crack shell around a tasty center.
The real snowman of the Himalayas
The real snowman of the Himalayas.
The realm in which planets and stars live
The realm in which planets and stars live.
The red-headed step child of the solar system
The red-headed step child of the solar system.
The regional domain of Santa Claus
The regional domain of Santa Claus.
The residency of the queen bee
The residency of the queen bee.
The result of a mad genius watching a mosquito bite them and thinking, "I can do better!"
The rocky substance secreted by tiny marine animals that is currently suffering at the hands of global warming
The rocky substance secreted by tiny marine animals that is currently suffering at the hands of global warming.
The safest way to survive jumping out of a fast-moving aircraft
The safest way to survive jumping out of a fast-moving aircraft.
The scouts of the impending robot uprising
The scouts of the impending robot uprising.
The second evolution of handheld telescopes
The second evolution of handheld telescopes.
The second planet from the sun, and flashiest among them in our solar system
The second planet from the sun, and flashiest among them in our solar system.
The slyest of all animals and frequent patron of chicken coops
The slyest of all animals and frequent patron of chicken coops.
The smartest bird on Earth, and member of a murderous group
The smartest bird on Earth, and member of a murderous group.
The sole purpose of brown bananas
The sole purpose of brown bananas.
The state of matter that everyone forgets, and is the stuff of stars and lightning
The state of matter that everyone forgets, and is the stuff of stars and lightning.
The stiffest state of matter
The stiffest state of matter.
The study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence of poultry
The study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence of poultry.
The sun groupie of plants
The sun groupie of plants.
The time when the Earth is hiding from the Sun
The time when the Earth is hiding from the Sun.
The ultimate destination for trains and railroad cars
The ultimate destination for trains and railroad cars.
The unmentionables of a male plant
The unmentionables of a male plant.
The upper leg meat of a pig that has been made tasty
The upper leg meat of a pig that has been made tasty.
The utensil for those who think spoons are too safe, and knives too dangerous
The utensil for those who think spoons are too safe, and knives too dangerous.
The wet grass of wetlands
The wet grass of wetlands.
The whale version of a unicorn, but real
The whale version of a unicorn, but real.
The white powder created by grinding grains
The white powder created by grinding grains.
Thin folded wafer with a prophetic message inside
Thin folded wafer with a prophetic message inside.
This operation is not supported in the environment this application is running on. "location.protocol" must be http, https or chrome-extension and web storage must be enabled.
Tool for wizarding, witching, casting, and conjuring
Tool for wizarding, witching, casting, and conjuring.
Trademarked cure for the common cold
Trademarked cure for the common cold.
Tree house, but on the ground
Tree house, but on the ground.
Tree-dwelling primate with a tail
Tree-dwelling primate with a tail.
Try mixing different elements together
Two great cords that braid great together
Two great cords that braid great together.
Unruly edibles held together by bread bouncers
Unruly edibles held together by bread bouncers.
Valuable pieces of paper that can possibly lead to riches, but more likely mutiny and/or death
Valuable pieces of paper that can possibly lead to riches, but more likely mutiny and/or death.
Vehicle for the final frontier
Vehicle for the final frontier.
Vehicle that preys on sweet tooths and children
Vehicle that preys on sweet tooths and children.
Violent expansion used for destruction and spectacle
Violent expansion used for destruction and spectacle.
Weapon of warfare inspired by firing off champagne corks
Weapon of warfare inspired by firing off champagne corks.
What carbon dioxide turns into when it gets too cold
What carbon dioxide turns into when it gets too cold.
What happens when a volcano sneezes
What happens when a volcano sneezes.
What many believe to be the result of milking brown cows and/or feeding cows chocolate
What many believe to be the result of milking brown cows and/or feeding cows chocolate.
When clouds try to be flashy
When clouds try to be flashy.
When cool surfaces sweat water at night
When cool surfaces sweat water at night.
When fruit and ice meet up, things get messy
When fruit and ice meet up, things get messy.
When oxygen gets a little gassy after too many electric shocks
When oxygen gets a little gassy after too many electric shocks.
When the sun wakes up in the sky
When the sun wakes up in the sky.
When water takes a leap of faith
When water takes a leap of faith.
Where firefighters wait for the call of the flames
Where firefighters wait for the call of the flames.
Where the fate of mail is decided
Where the fate of mail is decided.
Wind-powered instrument with a holey sound
Wind-powered instrument with a holey sound.
Wool-covered animals known for their flocking tendencies and secret passwords
Wool-covered animals known for their flocking tendencies and secret passwords.
You can bring up a details page for any item by long-pressing it.
You can duplicate any item on the workspace by double-tapping it.
callback for immediate watcher "
em up featuring flour, milk, and eggs
em up featuring flour, milk, and eggs.
re adding a query, it shouldn
re in Australia, in which case they eat EVERYTHING
re in Australia, in which case they eat EVERYTHING.
re more amenable to hard labor and pets of the head
re more amenable to hard labor and pets of the head.
re not talented. At all
re not talented. At all.
redirect route with path "
s a ribbit-er and not a croak-er
s a ribbit-er and not a croak-er.
s about to blast off into space
s about to blast off into space.
s ammunition, used to deliver pain and/or love
s ammunition, used to deliver pain and/or love.
s armor when waging culinary warfare
s armor when waging culinary warfare.
s armpit: hot, sweaty, and teeming with life
s armpit: hot, sweaty, and teeming with life!
s as inspiring as it is deadly
s as inspiring as it is deadly.
s at least partially surrounded by land
s at least partially surrounded by land.
s atmosphere and brought with it fire, wishes, and omens
s atmosphere and brought with it fire, wishes, and omens.
s atmosphere gets confrontational with solar particles, there be fireworks
s atmosphere gets confrontational with solar particles, there be fireworks.
s brought to a gun fight
s brought to a gun fight.
s constants, along with taxes
s constants, along with taxes.
s death machine and turns it into a vehicle
s death machine and turns it into a vehicle.
s decked out in bony plating, and which moves under the cover of darkness
s decked out in bony plating, and which moves under the cover of darkness.
s done waiting for the right wave
s done waiting for the right wave.
s easy to repair and always affordable
s easy to repair and always affordable.
s enough water for trees and hope to grow
s enough water for trees and hope to grow.
s eye view made pictorial
s eye view made pictorial.
s eyes from the glares of sunlight and jealousy
s eyes from the glares of sunlight and jealousy.
s fond of warm weather
s fond of warm weather.
s good at bringing threads together
s good at bringing threads together.
s good enough for you to want on your body
s good enough for you to want on your body.
s home AND place of work
s home AND place of work.
s impersonation of a lobster taken to the next level
s impersonation of a lobster taken to the next level.
s located in a tree
s located in a tree.
s long gone reptile overlords
s long gone reptile overlords.
s more technically known: THE POWER OF THE GODS
s more technically known: THE POWER OF THE GODS.
s most vocal proponent of nuclear disarmament
s most vocal proponent of nuclear disarmament.
s probably too big to surf
s probably too big to surf.
s quest to conquer death
s reaching for the sky
s reaching for the sky.
s really into smoke on the water
s really into smoke on the water.
s right in front of you
s right in front of you.
s sharp on both sides
s sharp on both sides.
s slathered onto a surface
s slathered onto a surface.
s tenant ID",timeout:"The operation has timed out.","user-token-expired":"The user
s tiny sibling, prone to hiding monsters
s tiny sibling, prone to hiding monsters.
s token has been tampered with, or if the user isn
s used for construction and metaphors
s used for construction and metaphors.
s used for sewing, not for pooping
s used for sewing, not for pooping.
s used to shuffle rubbish from one place to another
s very difficult to kill
s very difficult to kill.
t Know Anything About Cooking and Not Set Yourself on Fire - A Lesson
t Know Anything About Cooking and Not Set Yourself on Fire - A Lesson.
t allowed access to air, and then set ablaze
t allowed access to air, and then set ablaze.
t covered by water, but is owned by Woody Guthrie and YOU
t covered by water, but is owned by Woody Guthrie and YOU!
t crush your lap, but may burn it instead
t crush your lap, but may burn it instead.
t crush your lap, but may burn it instead.","891":"A MORE portable portable computer.","892":"A phone-y computer.","893":"The building building.","894":"A loft apartment for birds.","895":"A storytelling masochist."}
t decide which way to go
t decide which way to go.
t have time to go to the beach, but still want to find sand on your persons for the next month
t have time to go to the beach, but still want to find sand on your persons for the next month.
t have true roots, stems, and leaves, but do have the hope of millions that they will replace fossil fuels in the near future
t have true roots, stems, and leaves, but do have the hope of millions that they will replace fossil fuels in the near future.
t know that llamas have banana ears and alpacas have spear ears
t know that llamas have banana ears and alpacas have spear ears.
t need meat for a perfect sandwich
t need meat for a perfect sandwich.
t play by the rules
t play by the rules.
t run on dinosaur remains
t run on dinosaur remains.
t. They just have the horns, ears, legs, and tail of one
t. They just have the horns, ears, legs, and tail of one.
ve heard this before: quartz, mica, and feldspar walk into a bar
ve heard this before: quartz, mica, and feldspar walk into a bar...
